Improve workspace packages (#1121)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: packages/introspection/README.md

## Introspection

> **NOTE:** This document is better viewed at https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts-cairo/api/introspection

> This crate deals with [type introspection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_introspection) of contracts, that is,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This crate handles [type introspection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_introspection) of contracts. In other words, it examines which functions can be called on a given contract. This is referred to as the contract's interface.
```
